MANO PIHEMA
021 08488442 | m.raankin@gmail.com | mano-pihema-portfolio.vercel.app
PROFILE
 Kia Ora I am Mano, and I’m looking for full stack developer roles. Having recently finished an
internship I can say I am passionate about working in tech. Whether it's diving into new
languages or frameworks,  I'm always eager to expand my skill set. I’m a quick learner and enjoy
applying new knowledge to solve challenges. Having great interpersonal skills I am able to
contribute collaboratively and present ideas or solutions in a team.
EXPERIENCE
Trade Me
Nov 13/23 - Feb 16/24
FULL STACK DEVELOPER INTERN
During my 3-month internship at Trade Me, I integrated into a jobs team within Trade Me
Classifieds, actively engaging in agile practices such as daily stand-ups, sprint retrospectives, and
refinements. I assumed the role of sprint facilitator for one sprint, leading daily stand-ups,
refinements and retrospectives. As a full-stack intern, I worked with Angular, .NET, and SQL
databases, implementing changes such as creating new API endpoints, updating and creating
stored procedures, and updating the frontend to use this new data. 
In one of my first tickets I took ownership of a project to develop a call-to-action (CTA) for the
Trade Me Jobs homepage, incorporating conditional rendering and responsive design. Beyond
technical tasks, I gained valuable exposure to the software development life cycle within a team
setting, participating in feature development, bug fixes, code reviews, unit tests and platform
maintenance.
Dev Academy Aotearoa
Apr 11/22 - Jul 29/22  
STUDENT
Dev Academy is a 15 week full time developer bootcamp that trains you to be job ready. During
this bootcamp, we went from basic html web pages then up to full stack web applications built
using React, Express.js, Node.js and SQLite3. The bootcamp not only cultivates technical skills,
but also soft skills. Specifically how to work in teams and to communicate effectively and
collaboratively with an agile workflow. 
Additional skills and experience include:
Deploying code to production, and monitoring it post release with tools such as Sentry and
New Relic
Automated unit and UI tests
A/B flag creation and implementation
Receiving code reviews
Using source control following industry best practices
Utilizing Docker to run development environments locally
Terraform infrastructure to enhance development pipelines
Using and debugging Google Analytics
----------------Page (0) Break----------------
TECHNICAL SKILLS
Designing API endpoints to be used in large-scale services
Developing multiple API endpoints, all the way through to the database layer
Backend unit testing with Moq and Nunit
Using Postman to quickly test and debug APIs
.NET
EDUCATION
Web Development Bootcamp at Dev Academy 2022
Bachelor of Fine Arts(Hons) at Auckland University 2013-2016 
SOFT SKILLS
Thank you for reading my CV! References available on request
Handling observable data with Rxjs, following best practices
Designed components following SOLID design principles
Unit testing for Angular components with Jest and marbles
Applying NgRx to create Redux store patterns to handle API calls and manage state,
implementing patterns such as actions, effects, reducers, facades, etc
Angular
Creating new and updating existing stored procedures 
Extending tables to contain additional column without affecting production on release
Following robust deployment patterns to ensure a safe database deployment
SQL
 A large portion of the 800 approximate hours coding during the Dev Academy bootcamp
was spent learning Javascript to creating full stack web applications.
Trade Me uses Typescript with their Angular projects so I was heavily involved with it there,
following object oriented programming patterns to create clean and reusable code.
Javascript /Typescript
During the bootcamp, we learned a range of React tools such as hooks, routing, and event
handling. Initially, we managed local state using React's built-in capabilities. Subsequently,
we transitioned to global state management by implementing Redux store patterns with
Redux Toolkit
React/Redux toolkit
Starting my internship at Trade me I had no experience with Angular, I jumped into the
framework through hands-on learning and study. This experience showcased my ability to
adapt and learn new technologies quickly but also underscored my proactive approach to
self-improvement. 
Adaptability
During my Internship I participated in daily standups, retros and other team rituals which
solidified my ability to communicate concisely yet effectively. This requires effective
listening; while pairing I consistently noted down key learning points. This ensured my
follow up questions were relevant and productive, keeping everyone on the same page. A
highlight was presenting a slide for my team on an all company call. This experience further
developed my communication abilities and confidence. 
Communication
In my role as an intern I sought guidance and collaborated with developers on my team,
engaging in numerous conversations to brainstorm solutions, share knowledge, and refine
our approaches to technical problems.
Collaboration
----------------Page (1) Break----------------
